I decided that for my Rust project I will implement a traditional game of Poker (Texas Hold'em if you prefer) and its core mechanics. The game will use a standard 52 card deck, which will be shuffled at the start of each round. The dealer will begin by dealing cards to the left, with each player receiving one card per turn until they each have two cards. The player to the dealer's left will be the Small Blind, while the second player to the left will be the Big Blind. The Small Blind and Big Blind pay a fixed, pre-determined bet before the game begins, that way each round is guarenteed to have money on the table, and the remaining players have to match the bet of the Big Blind in order to stay in the game. The Small Blind will put 25 cents, and the Big Blind 50 cents. Turns will progress clockwise, starting with the player after the Big Blind. The game will include the standard betting actions: folding, checking, and raising, with betting rounds occurring before the flop, after the flop (the first three community cards), after the turn (fourth card), and after the river (fifth card). Community cards will be revealed following poker rules, where the top card is burned before revealing the flop, the turn, and the river. At the showdown, remaining players will reveal their hands, and the winner will be determined using a tier system for hand rankings, from High Card to Royal Flush.

That's kind of the main things I want to implement and get done. I have some ideas that, time permitting, I will try to implement as well. Some of these include playing with multiple players, AI (for those who don't have any friends :( ), and also maybe creating a GUI.  I will also try to implement FFI to intergrate Rust with Python, though I will have to look into how to do that, and what it can be used for.

So yeah, that's what I'm hoping to achieve. I got this idea becasue I only recently learned to play poker, and by recently I mean this past Friday, and it was hell fun. Though, I did lose some money :(. Who knows, maybe I'll make that a feature too. 